Relational Frame Theory argues that cognition can be improved through the development of an arbitrary applicable relational response (AARR) skill. Multiple Exemplar Training has traits of a **large-scale** rote learning procedure to acquire AARR (thousands of repetitions in an obviously rote fashion) but it seems interesting to ponder whether the principles can be modified into **small-scale** rote learning.

Small-scale rote learning makes sense through the **"mini-labs"** example. The student encounters a basic physical system (e.g., spinning wheels, motors, blocks) and answers prediction questions about guessing what will happen when something is rearranged or set in motion. So the standard argument for why generalization to AARR fails is that the learner is never quizzed with arbitrary stimuli.

So what if we just add additional mini-labs that are agglomerations of physical elements that synthesize multiple other mini-labs together (e.g., literally using string to connect two items from two different mini-labs together). So perhaps you can instill tons of **first principles** from the mini-labs in a NON-VERBAL manner to supercharge the student's **imaginative** ability? (I assume that the student in their "mind's eye" is imagining the future of the physical system to solve the mini-lab. Somehow, they leverage the "prediction engine" in the brain, which is really good at spatiovisual stuff.) Then, to train coordination and opposition relations, you can simply have the student imagine arbitrary household objects being tied together? The student could be asked to visualize, say, Tomato (Arbitary Cue 1) being connected with Apple (Arbitrary Cue 2) using string, and that might be a way to teach AARR?

Our speculative framing seems to be leveraging the magic of human imagination with spatiovisual mini-labs. This seriously clashes with the research-backed framing involving thousands of repetitions. The setup is fairly straighfoward in my opinion. Neither imagination nor the "mind's eye" are novel psychological concepts. So what is the evidence against imagination-based approaches?
