As a practical matter, I will publish the following on how you can avoid the massive ADHD-like / psychological grief / identity disorder risk factor of the Thinking System.

1. Understand that you will suddenly lose many habits once you start "inhabiting" models like Serial Data Code Full Text. Realize that there is a sharp divide between the identity of the Prior You and the New You. It will take weeks to rebuild the new identity but you can optimize the key portions. You will suddenly lose your identity as an academic, as a socializer, as a person in general, becoming the identity equivalent of some "blank slate" individual, in a way similar to psychological grief. This can be extremely traumatic. You've lost that "rote CPU knowledge" of the prior self so you need to actively recall the episodic memories of your prior self to rebuild it.
2. exclusionary attention >> You should practice switching between "boring sensory data" such as words on a computer screen.
3. snowballing >> You need to create a coding system based on SDCFT. {Create Codes as hyperlinks that command you to do various things. This is how you "build bridges."} {technical detail/ Code Zero = a "hyperlink" that tells you, "just do Correct, obviously, base your action on context!" Code One = a snowballing of Code Zero that can be any synthesis of context as a message for NOW. Code Two = the response to Code One (the document abstraction of a postscript; "P.S. in addition, XYZ") and so on.}
4. painting >> You need to understand that the essence of Serial Data + Full Text is to paint regions on the "notebook paper."
5. document structure >> Learn a formal document structure. (e.g., Crystallized-Fluid binary; imagine that the first sentences of the document are crystallized while the rest of the document is far more fluid.) The way document reading is taught in schools is quite rote and the Thinking System will force you to re-learn it.
6. contentment >> Learn some rhetorical catchphrase of being content. This is easily missed.

All re-learning is very quick if you do it properly and have no severe underlying psychological issues. If you don't know what you're doing, it will take far longer.
